- [Narrator] There are many times when we need to create
presigned urls for downloads and uploads.
For this video, we're going to use the Python STK
to create a download link that is signed,
so that we can give public access
to our private resources as needed.
Let's go ahead and jump back into our Python file.
And we'll create a new method called generate download link.
We will need to know the bucket the title is in,
the key for the file that we want to be able to download,
and we need to have an expiration time
and we're going to use it in seconds.
And then of course our S3 resource.
We will do a try,
and we're going to get a response this time.
We're going to use our meta client.
And we will call generate presigned URL.
Then we need to pass in the method of get underscore object.
A Params dictionary.
That Params dictionary will contain a bucket,
which we will set it to our bucket.
And it needs a key, which we will set it to our key.
Then we also need to set our expiration.
So expires in...
That needs to equal our expiration in seconds.
And now I want to go ahead and print this response
because we need a way to see that download url.
So we'll just use print.
We'll do our standard accept.
And we'll tidy up our file a little bit.
Now let's jump down here to main.
We'll get rid of this create bucket.
And we will call generate download link.
We will pass in our primary bucket
which should have three files still.
Let's do it for F3.
We'll set a 30 second expiration window,
and we'll pass in our resource.
All right, let's go ahead and run our program.
You'll see we get a download link.
I'm going to go ahead and click on that.
And a file downloaded.
And if I open that up...
You'll see that this is my lil3 file.
I created that during a challenge exercise, so...
But there it is.
So that's how you generate a download link.